[EDU-4281] refactor: rule set > edge firewall (#878)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/secure/edge-firewall/rules-engine.mdx

:::

:::caution[Warning]

> Azion platform maintains only one `Set WAF Rule Set` behavior configuration for each criteria logic. If you have two different edge firewalls configured with the same criteria logic but different `Set WAF Rule Set` behaviors, only the most recent one will be processed. This can be useful in case your application needs constant switching between two or more behaviors for the same criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azion's platform maintains only one `Set WAF Rule Set` behavior configuration for each criteria logic. If you have two different edge firewalls configured with the same criteria logic but different `Set WAF Rule Set` behaviors, only the most recent one will be processed. This can be useful if your application constantly switches between two or more behaviors for the same criteria.
```
